Distribute common config files (#64)
ausaccessfed/workflows: README.md

# Workflows

> This repo contains the source for the reusable workflows used by many of the apps throughout aaf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo contains the reusable workflows used by many of the app repos throughout AAF.
```

## Distribution

This repo contains a directory of files in `.github/workflows/distributions`, When a repo is in the list managed by AAF terraform or rather the github var `RENOVATE_REPOSITORIES` then bootstrapping begins on each master merge of this repo and will provisions files found in the above folder according to the following conventions;

> * If it contains `#ONCE#`, the file will only ever be added once, if its already found then nothing is done

Reviewer: Great approach 👍

> * If it contains `#PARTIAL#`, the file assumes that from top fo the file down to the last line will be replaced in the source repo if it exists, otherwise it is just added verbatim

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If it contains `#PARTIAL#`, the file assumes that from the top of the file down to the last line will be replaced in the source repo if it exists, otherwise it is just added verbatim
```
